feat(dataarts): add data source dataarts studio workspaces (#3828)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/dataarts_studio_workspaces.md

---
subcategory: "DataArts Studio"
---

# huaweicloud_dataarts_studio_workspaces

> Use this data source to filter DataArts Studio workspaces within HuaweiCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to get a list of DataArts Studio workspaces within HuaweiCloud.
```
